# AWS Lambda Java Function Project

This project contains a Java-based AWS Lambda function, designed to be built with Maven. It demonstrates the creation, packaging, and deployment of a Lambda function to AWS, including testing the function with predefined inputs.

## Project Structure

- `src/main/java/`: Contains the Java source files for the Lambda function.
- `src/test/java/`: Contains the unit tests for the Lambda function.
- `pom.xml`: Maven configuration file, defining project properties, dependencies, and build plugins.
- `dependency-reduced-pom.xml`: Generated by Maven to exclude certain dependencies during the build process.
- `.gitignore`: Specifies intentionally untracked files to ignore.

## Dependencies

- **AWS Lambda Java Core**: Core library for AWS Lambda function development in Java.
- **Jackson Databind**: Library for converting Java objects to JSON and vice versa.
- **JUnit Jupiter Engine**: For unit testing the Lambda function.
- **Mockito Core**: For mocking objects in tests.

## Prerequisites

- **Java 21**: The project requires Java 8 to build and run.
- **Maven**: The project uses Maven as its build tool.
- **AWS CLI**: The AWS Command Line Interface (CLI) is required to deploy the function to AWS.
- **AWS Account**: An AWS account is required to deploy the function to AWS.
- **IAM Role**: An IAM role with the necessary permissions is required to execute the Lambda function.
- **AWS Credentials**: AWS credentials are required to deploy the function to AWS. 

## Run unit tests

To run the unit tests, run the following command in the project's root directory:

```shell
mvn test
```

## Building the Project

To build the project, run the following command in the project's root directory:

```shell
./build.sh
```

## Deploying the Function

To deploy the function to AWS, run the following command in the project's root directory:

```shell
./deploy.sh
```

## To test the function

To test the function, run the following command in the project's root directory:

```shell
./test_lambda.sh
```
